[Docs] Update docker-compose install (#1495)
Drakkar-Software/OctoBot: docs/source/pages/With-Docker.rst

---------------------------------------
.. WARNING:: It's easier to use but it will not be possible to update it without deleting its files.

> -v arguments can be removed from previous start commands but OctoBot's local files are managed by docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-v arguments can be removed from previous start commands but OctoBot's local files will then be managed by docker (and not directly visible).
```

.. code-block:: bash

   docker inspect -f '{{ .Mounts }}' OctoBot

To copy files of a directory outside the OctoBot container, for example for logs files :

.. code-block:: bash

>    docker cp OctoBot:/octobot/logs/. .

Reviewer: Wherer "OctoBot" is your container name
